hi guys how you doing Andy here hope
you're okay today if you're looking at
this I just want to give you a quick run
through of the site rubik system which
you will use to host your affiliate
marketing websites as you can see I've
got a few windows open already the first
one being site rubix com this is what
you see when you first come into this
system and it gives you the ability to
choose a friend of mine named something
site rubik com so let's give it a try
let's just say we book available I you
obviously try more serious things
depending on what your keyword term is
and everything but I figured wibble
there's a fairly good chance it being
available you think I build my free
website now and you're bought into here
if you're not a member of wealthy
affiliate or the actual hosting package
you will be asked to fill in a few
registration details with your website
and various other bits and pieces when
you come in you've got a choice of the
free website which is what we've taken
or you can go on the domain you own if
you go on and domain you own you just
type it in there and it gives you
instructions on how to port it across
the wealthy affiliate word of warning
you can only use your own domains if you
signed up to the painful notion of this
system so for now which is going to free
one just to show you what it looks like
we go wibble wobble and the title and as
you can see down here there's an awful
lot of website templates that you can
choose from hundreds of them are
thinking fat is about 920 for all the
way down there loads and i denied so
let's pick that one say you see you've
got tons of them
and it just keeps going and going and
going at the bottom you've got a little
summary of what's going on we will cite
rubik calm that would be your address
wibble wobble to be your website and
then all you gotta do is just say I'm
ready build it now it says hold tight
we're building your website
and we're waiting and we're waiting and
we're waiting and waiting some more
doesn't actually tell out on the grand
scheme of things they got done once it's
built you will get this page it gives
you a summary of all the bits and pieces
that are installed in it and it also
gives you your URLs that you need to
access it and any admin passwords that
you need to if we just go to the domain
name when we just click on that link
there a problem loading web page nice it
might not have access to yet that's good
considering I'm trying to do a video on
the thing let's get all my guy that
doesn't like it what we'll do we'll fall
back and have a look at some I made
earlier we go here this is what you get
when you look at your websites you can
have multiple websites here for example
I've got one about the wealthy affiliate
system go and have a look at that's
absolutely brilliant is google sniper a
scam or and the best ways to quit
smoking the kind of results that you get
this sort of thing I mean this is a very
straightforward one it's just a basic
product review of google sniper for
people to have a look at and go and buy
the product if i want to you've got you
know page bits and pieces at the top
that's that one as the best way to quit
smoking that's another one there just a
little review again about quitting
smoking and the link off to a product
simple affiliate website all done
through that wizard you can't go wrong
really the actually backend going here
that's what the backend of WordPress
looks like very easy everything's
divided into categories down the
left-hand side and you can find your way
around you go to posts it gives you a
list of all of your posts that you've
got and you can add a new one there any
time gives you all the information need
we go on edit on this one here that
gives me a layer of my post and then I
can click on there and add to it and
various other things so it's all very
very straightforward to use very
straightforward indeed we're all still
doesn't wanna load in might not like the
name you never know but that's the
system in a nutshell I hope you found
that useful remember it's absolutely
free to start there's no costs in bulk
and you can have to affiliate websites
with freedom a names if you want any
more than that you have to pay for the
actual package but once you pay for it
you also get access to a load of
certification courses and there are some
things as well I mean if I go to the
dashboard here and on here this is the
thing where I've been communicating with
somebody about some help I needed with
one of my websites and you've got an
absolute large community of people on
here that can help you or on a live chat
situation as well so check that out
enjoy the rest of the review that you're
reading folks give it a try it is free
my little to hearing from you please
comment if you need anything bye